---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coder_parameter Data Source - terraform-provider-coder"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to configure editable options for workspaces.
---

# coder_parameter (Data Source)

Use this data source to configure editable options for workspaces.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the parameter. If this is changed, developers will be re-prompted for a new value.

### Optional

- `default` (String) A default value for the parameter.
- `description` (String) Describe what this parameter does.
- `display_name` (String) The displayed name of the parameter as it will appear in the interface.
- `ephemeral` (Boolean) The value of an ephemeral parameter will not be preserved between consecutive workspace builds.
- `icon` (String) A URL to an icon that will display in the dashboard. View built-in icons here: https://github.com/coder/coder/tree/main/site/static/icon. Use a built-in icon with `data.coder_workspace.me.access_url + "/icon/<path>"`.
- `mutable` (Boolean) Whether this value can be changed after workspace creation. This can be destructive for values like region, so use with caution!
- `option` (Block List, Max: 64) Each "option" block defines a value for a user to select from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--option))
- `order` (Number) The order determines the position of a template parameter in the UI/CLI presentation. The lowest order is shown first and parameters with equal order are sorted by name (ascending order).
- `type` (String) The type of this parameter. Must be one of: "number", "string", "bool", or "list(string)".
- `validation` (Block List, Max: 1) Validate the input of a parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--validation))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `optional` (Boolean) Whether this value is optional.
- `value` (String) The output value of the parameter.

<a id="nestedblock--option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `option`

Required:

- `name` (String) The display name of this value in the UI.
- `value` (String) The value of this option set on the parameter if selected.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Describe what selecting this value does.
- `icon` (String) A URL to an icon that will display in the dashboard. View built-in icons here: https://github.com/coder/coder/tree/main/site/static/icon. Use a built-in icon with `data.coder_workspace.me.access_url + "/icon/<path>"`.


<a id="nestedblock--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `validation`

Optional:

- `error` (String) An error message to display if the value doesn't match the provided regex.
- `max` (Number) The maximum of a number parameter.
- `min` (Number) The minimum of a number parameter.
- `monotonic` (String) Number monotonicity, either increasing or decreasing.
- `regex` (String) A regex for the input parameter to match against.

Read-Only:

- `max_disabled` (Boolean) Helper field to check if max is present
- `min_disabled` (Boolean) Helper field to check if min is present
