---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coder_workspace Data Source - terraform-provider-coder"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get information for the active workspace build.
---

# coder_workspace (Data Source)

Use this data source to get information for the active workspace build.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "coder_workspace" "dev" {
}

resource "kubernetes_pod" "dev" {
  count = data.coder_workspace.dev.transition == "start" ? 1 : 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `access_port` (Number) The access port of the Coder deployment provisioning this workspace.
- `access_url` (String) The access URL of the Coder deployment provisioning this workspace.
- `id` (String) UUID of the workspace.
- `name` (String) Name of the workspace.
- `owner` (String, Deprecated: Use `coder_workspace_owner.name` instead.) Username of the workspace owner.
- `owner_email` (String, Deprecated: Use `coder_workspace_owner.email` instead.) Email address of the workspace owner.
- `owner_groups` (List of String, Deprecated: Use `coder_workspace_owner.groups` instead.) List of groups the workspace owner belongs to.
- `owner_id` (String, Deprecated: Use `coder_workspace_owner.id` instead.) UUID of the workspace owner.
- `owner_name` (String, Deprecated: Use `coder_workspace_owner.full_name` instead.) Name of the workspace owner.
- `owner_oidc_access_token` (String, Deprecated: Use `coder_workspace_owner.oidc_access_token` instead.) A valid OpenID Connect access token of the workspace owner. This is only available if the workspace owner authenticated with OpenID Connect. If a valid token cannot be obtained, this value will be an empty string.
- `owner_session_token` (String, Deprecated: Use `coder_workspace_owner.session_token` instead.) Session token for authenticating with a Coder deployment. It is regenerated everytime a workspace is started.
- `start_count` (Number) A computed count based on "transition" state. If "start", count will equal 1.
- `template_id` (String) ID of the workspace's template.
- `template_name` (String) Name of the workspace's template.
- `template_version` (String) Version of the workspace's template.
- `transition` (String) Either "start" or "stop". Use this to start/stop resources with "count".
