---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coder_app Resource - terraform-provider-coder"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this resource to define shortcuts to access applications in a workspace.
---

# coder_app (Resource)

Use this resource to define shortcuts to access applications in a workspace.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "coder_workspace" "me" {}

resource "coder_agent" "dev" {
  os             = "linux"
  arch           = "amd64"
  dir            = "/workspace"
  startup_script = <<EOF
curl -fsSL https://code-server.dev/install.sh | sh
code-server --auth none --port 13337
EOF
}

resource "coder_app" "code-server" {
  agent_id     = coder_agent.dev.id
  slug         = "code-server"
  display_name = "VS Code"
  icon         = "${data.coder_workspace.me.access_url}/icon/code.svg"
  url          = "http://localhost:13337"
  share        = "owner"
  subdomain    = false
  open_in      = "window"
  healthcheck {
    url       = "http://localhost:13337/healthz"
    interval  = 5
    threshold = 6
  }
}

resource "coder_app" "vim" {
  agent_id     = coder_agent.dev.id
  slug         = "vim"
  display_name = "Vim"
  icon         = "${data.coder_workspace.me.access_url}/icon/vim.svg"
  command      = "vim"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `agent_id` (String) The `id` property of a `coder_agent` resource to associate with.
- `slug` (String) A hostname-friendly name for the app. This is used in URLs to access the app. May contain alphanumerics and hyphens. Cannot start/end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens.

### Optional

- `command` (String) A command to run in a terminal opening this app. In the web, this will open in a new tab. In the CLI, this will SSH and execute the command. Either `command` or `url` may be specified, but not both.
- `display_name` (String) A display name to identify the app. Defaults to the slug.
- `external` (Boolean) Specifies whether `url` is opened on the client machine instead of proxied through the workspace.
- `group` (String) The name of a group that this app belongs to.
- `healthcheck` (Block Set, Max: 1) HTTP health checking to determine the application readiness. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--healthcheck))
- `hidden` (Boolean) Determines if the app is visible in the UI (minimum Coder version: v2.16).
- `icon` (String) A URL to an icon that will display in the dashboard. View built-in icons [here](https://github.com/coder/coder/tree/main/site/static/icon). Use a built-in icon with `"${data.coder_workspace.me.access_url}/icon/<path>"`.
- `open_in` (String) Determines where the app will be opened. Valid values are `"tab"` and `"slim-window" (default)`. `"tab"` opens in a new tab in the same browser window. `"slim-window"` opens a new browser window without navigation controls.
- `order` (Number) The order determines the position of app in the UI presentation. The lowest order is shown first and apps with equal order are sorted by name (ascending order).
- `share` (String) Determines the level which the application is shared at. Valid levels are `"owner"` (default), `"authenticated"` and `"public"`. Level `"owner"` disables sharing on the app, so only the workspace owner can access it. Level `"authenticated"` shares the app with all authenticated users. Level `"public"` shares it with any user, including unauthenticated users. Permitted application sharing levels can be configured site-wide via a flag on `coder server` (Enterprise only).
- `subdomain` (Boolean) Determines whether the app will be accessed via it's own subdomain or whether it will be accessed via a path on Coder. If wildcards have not been setup by the administrator then apps with `subdomain` set to `true` will not be accessible. Defaults to `false`.
- `url` (String) An external url if `external=true` or a URL to be proxied to from inside the workspace. This should be of the form `http://localhost:PORT[/SUBPATH]`. Either `command` or `url` may be specified, but not both.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--healthcheck"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthcheck`

Required:

- `interval` (Number) Duration in seconds to wait between healthcheck requests.
- `threshold` (Number) Number of consecutive heathcheck failures before returning an unhealthy status.
- `url` (String) HTTP address used determine the application readiness. A successful health check is a HTTP response code less than 500 returned before `healthcheck.interval` seconds.
